ISO images as storage volumes (#11852)
lxc/lxd: doc/howto/storage_volumes.md

    lxc storage volume create <pool_name> <volume_name> --type=block [configuration_options...]

> For creating a custom ISO volume, the following command needs to be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom storage volume of type `iso`, use the `import` command instead of the `create` command:
```

Reviewer: Can you change the first sentence in this section (line 21) to:
```
Use the following command to create a custom storage volume of type `block` or `filesystem` in a storage pool:
```

And then move the new content  (line 32-35) to the end of the section (after the note) - since everything before it is for `filesystem` and `block` only.

The following restrictions apply:

- Custom storage volumes of {ref}`content type <storage-content-types>` `block` or `iso` cannot be attached to containers, but only to virtual machines.
- To avoid data corruption, storage volumes of {ref}`content type <storage-content-types>` `block` should never be attached to more than one virtual machine at a time.

> - Storage volumes of {ref}`content type <storage-content-types>` `iso` are always mounted read-only, and can therefore be attached to more than one virtual machine at a time without corrupting data.

Reviewer 2: Same thing about dropping the word "mounted" here.
